[ADD] pos_mercado_pago: integration of Mercado Pago payment terminal (#9395)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/payment_methods/terminals/mercado_pago.rst

============
Mercado Pago
============

Connecting a payment terminal allows you to offer a fluid payment flow to your customers and ease
the work of your cashiers.

> .. important::

Reviewer: Not sure all these bullet points are necessary, the _important_ markup takes a lot of space.

   - Odoo only supports **Point Smart** payment terminals. They can be purchased on
     `Mercado Pago's website <https://www.mercadopago.com.mx/herramientas-para-vender/lectores-point>`_.
   - Point Smart can only be used in the following :abbr:`LATAM (Latin America)` countries:

>      - Argentina

Reviewer 2: @LoredanaLrpz the scope is actully just Mexico, Argentina and Brazil, can you update it please?

     - Brazil
     - Chile
     - Colombia
     - México
     - Perú
     - Uruguay

.. seealso::
   `Mercado Pago online payment <https://www.mercadopago.com.mx/herramientas-para-vender/check-out#benefits-checkout>`_

Configuration
=============

#. Create your `Mercado Pago account <https://www.mercadopago.com.mx/>`_.
#. Associate your terminal with a :guilabel:`store` and a :guilabel:`cash drawer` by following
   `Mercado Pago's documentation <https://www.mercadopago.com.mx/developers/en/docs>`_.

   .. note::
      All the purchased terminals are automatically available on your Mercado dashboard.

> #. Set your Point Smart terminal to the :guilabel:`Point of Sale` operation mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#. Set your Point Smart terminal to the :guilabel:`Point of Sale` operation mode.
```
While it doesn't seem to cause any issues, we usually separate markups with empty lines

   .. warning::
      Odoo does not support the Point Smart :guilabel:`Standalone` operation mode.
#. :ref:`Generate your credentials <mercado_pago/credentials>`
#. :ref:`Create and configure the related payment method <mercado_pago/method>`

.. _mercado_pago/credentials:

> Generate your credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate credentials
```
[No pronouns in headings](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/17.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#titles-and-headings) :)

:guilabel:`Production secret key`, and :guilabel:`Terminal S/N` fields when :ref:`creating the
payment method <mercado_pago/method>`.

.. _mercado_pago/method:

Configure the payment method
----------------------------

#. :doc:`Activate the POS Mercado Pago module <../../../../general/apps_modules>` to enable the
   payment terminal.
#. :doc:`Create the related payment method <../../payment_methods>` by going to
   :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Payment Methods`.
#. Set the journal type as :guilabel:`Bank`
#. Select :guilabel:`Mercado Pago` in the :guilabel:`Use a Payment Terminal` field.
#. Fill in the mandatory fields with the :ref:`previously generated credentials
   <mercado_pago/credentials>`:

   - Fill in the :guilabel:`Production user token` field using the access token.
   - Fill in the :guilabel:`Production secret key` field using the webhook secret key.
   - Fill in the :guilabel:`Terminal S/N` field using the terminal serial number. You can find it at
     the back of your terminal.

.. image:: mercado_pago/payment-method.png
   :alt: form to create a new payment method

> You can select the payment method in your POS settings once the payment method is created. To do so,
> go to the :ref:`POS' settings <configuration/settings>` and add the payment method under the
> :guilabel:`Payment Methods` field of the :guilabel:`Payment` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the payment method by
going to the :ref:`POS' settings <configuration/settings>` and adding it under the
:guilabel:`Payment Methods` field of the :guilabel:`Payment` section.
```
Suggestion: could be shortened

Pay with a payment terminal
===========================

When processing a payment, select your Mercado Pago payment method, check the amount and click
:guilabel:`Send`. Once the payment is successful, the status changes to :guilabel:`Payment
Successful`.

> .. note::

Reviewer: The bullet points are not necessary here, and the paragraphs add too much spacing.

   - | In case of connection issues between Odoo and the payment terminal, force the payment by

>        clicking on :guilabel:`Force Done`, which allows you to validate the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       clicking :guilabel:`Force Done`, which allows you to validate the order.
```
To be consistent (click or click on throughout)
